Added a note to use a legacy CLI version for WCF projects (#35712)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-install.md

> ```dotnetcli
> dotnet tool install -g --ignore-failed-sources upgrade-assistant
> ```

> For upgrading projects with WCF components, use the older version of the CLI tool. See (Install (legacy version))[https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-install-legacy] for more details.

Author: ```suggestion
For upgrading projects with WCF components, use the older version of the CLI tool. See [Install (legacy version])(https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-install-legacy) for more details.
```

> For upgrading projects with WCF components, use the older version of the CLI tool. See [Install (legacy version])(https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-install-legacy) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For upgrading projects with WCF components, use the older version of the CLI tool. For more information, see [Install (legacy version)](upgrade-assistant-install-legacy.md).
```
